add note that asks to use React version < 19 for type checking (#29714)
TheOdinProject/curriculum: react/the_react_ecosystem/type_checking_with_proptypes.md

- Setting up PropTypes.
- Using common PropTypes features.

> ### Important Note on React Version
> 
> <div class="lesson-note lesson-note--critical" markdown="1">
> 
> propTypes and defaultProps are discontinued from React version 19. Please use React versions lesser than 19 to follow this lesson.
> 
> This can be done by:
> 
> - Setting up Vite as usual
> 
> - Changing the react version in package.json file before running 'npm install
> 
> - Changing React version:  
>   "dependencies": {  
>   "react": "^18.0.0", // Changed to React 18  
>   "react-dom": "^18.0.0" // Changed to ReactDOM 18  
>   }  
>   "devDependencies": {  
>   "@types/react": "^18.0.10", // Updated to React 18 types  
>   "@types/react-dom": "^18.0.5", // Updated to ReactDOM 18 types  
>   }  
> 
> - Leaving the rest in package.json file untouched
> 
> </div>
> 
> ### Getting started
> 

Reviewer: (not a maintainer anymore, just pointing out the below)

Due to this repo's style guide and markdown linting rules:
- The note box should be inside the `Getting started` section or the linter will start complaining about heading order
- Level 4 heading for the note box and making it use sentence case instead

Also a personal suggestion for the instructions, it'll be simpler to just set up React with Vite as usual then change those four dependencies' versions to `"^18"`, then run `npm install`. It doesn't matter if the user already ran `npm install` before since on the second run, npm will change the relevant package versions to 18.X.

See below for the suggested changes and let me know what you think:

```suggestion
### Getting started

<div class="lesson-note lesson-note--critical" markdown="1">

#### Important note on React version

propTypes and defaultProps are discontinued from React version 19. Please use React version 18 to follow this lesson:

1. Set up React with Vite as usual. It does not matter whether you run `npm install` here or not.
1. Change the versions for the following four packages in `package.json` to `"^18"`:
   - `react`
   - `react-dom`
   - `@types/react`
   - `@types/react-dom`
1. Run `npm install`.

</div>

```
